README.md, before:

phonegap-position-logger
========================

A logging app showing the GPS latitude/longitude and WiFi accespoints created with phonegap.

> Basic app structure from [phonegap-start][phonegap-start]

## Setup

### Requirements

- Java JDK 1.5 or greater
- Apache ANT 1.8.0 or greater
- Android SDK [http://developer.android.com](http://developer.android.com)


### Install phonegap

    npm install -g phonegap

If `npm` doesn't work, [install latest nodejs](http://nodejs.org).


## Usage

### Run application on emulator (Android)

1. Start emulator

2. Set latitude and longitude for emulator

        telnet localhost 5554
        geo fix 50.0 9.0

3. Compile application and install on emulator

        phonegap local run android

### Run application on device (Android)

1. Build app

        phonegap local build android

2. Copy file `platforms/android/bin/PositionLogger-debug.apk` to your phone and install

[cordova-app]: http://github.com/apache/cordova-app-hello-world
[phonegap-start]: http://github.com/phonegap/phonegap-start

Commit message:

Geolocation, Documentation: differences when running app on emulator and device

README.md, after:

phonegap-position-logger
========================

A logging app showing the GPS latitude/longitude and WiFi accespoints created with phonegap.

> Basic app structure from [phonegap-start][phonegap-start]

## Setup

### Requirements

- Java JDK 1.5 or greater
- Apache ANT 1.8.0 or greater
- Android SDK [http://developer.android.com](http://developer.android.com)


### Install phonegap

    npm install -g phonegap

If `npm` doesn't work, [install latest nodejs](http://nodejs.org).


## Usage

### Run application on emulator (Android)

**Important**: _For geolocation the option `enableHighAccuracy` in function call `navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPosition` must be set
to `true` when running on emulator (see `www/js/geolocation.js`)_

1. Start emulator

2. Set latitude and longitude for emulator (i.e. lat 50, lon 9)

        telnet localhost 5554
        geo fix 50 9

3. Set orientation for emulator (i.e. 135 degress for south east orientation)

        telnet localhost 5554
        sensor set orientation 135:0:0

4. Compile application and install on emulator

        phonegap local run android

### Run application on device (Android)

1. Build app

        phonegap local build android

2. Copy file `platforms/android/bin/PositionLogger-debug.apk` to your phone and install

[cordova-app]: http://github.com/apache/cordova-app-hello-world
[phonegap-start]: http://github.com/phonegap/phonegap-start
